---
title: Board
description: Listing all the current members of the Dev Edmonton Society board.
footer: true
sitemap:
  loc: /board
  lastmod: 2024-03-31
---

# Dev Edmonton Society Board

## Board Composition

The Dev Edmonton Board consists of 7 members filling three year terms. Every year at the Annual General Meeting (AGM) elections will be held for any open positions. Details on how to apply and other information regarding the roles are posted on our [board recruitment page.](/board_recruiting)

Dev Edmonton Society desires to build a board with diverse perspectives that reflect our community.

A new board was elected at the society’s AGM on January 27th 2024.

## Current Board

:app-board-members

## History of the Dev Edmonton Society

**Humble Beginnings**

What started as a few meetup hosts wanting a bank account for pizza, has turned into a thriving community of developers, a slack channel, mentorship, goals, and a number of events hosted and supported! 

It became a mission to foster an inclusive and supportive environment where members could share knowledge, collaborate on ideas, promote events, commiserate and most importantly support the diverse and talented developer community in Edmonton.

**Past Events**

Some notable past events include:

**History of the Board**

The first board formed in ??? of 2016 and included:

- Mark Bennett
- Abram Hindle
- Steve Reiter
- Ben Zittlau
- Warren Johnston
- Ashia Zawaduk
- Estyn Edwards

In 2020 the board changed to:

- Celia Nicholls
- Ian Phillipchuk
- Abram Hindle
- Lauren Briske
- Mandy Meindersma
- Alyssa Diehl
- Mark Bennett

In 2022 Jeremy Nickurak was added to the board as a Member at Large

In 2023 Salma Ibrahim was added as a Member at Large and Justice Hemming became the Treasurer.
